ENGLISH VERSION:
WHO AM I
My name is Henrique Jorge de Queiroz. I live in Santos (SP), Brazil. I'm a young programmer who's studying about several areas of programming, like Data Science and Software Development. At 14 years old, I am already developing projects in Data Science, 
Data Analysis, Automations and Software Development. I also have projects with web applications and algorithms. Exploring programming with enthusiasm and dedication, building a path in technology.
I'm currently 14 years old, I've been studying programming since I was 12.


HABILITIES
I studied Python, I have created several projects with Python and currently it is my main programming language, I have experience on it. And I know how to create Basic Algorithms in Portugol, because that is how I learned Programming Logic. 
I intend to someday start studying Javascript too.

I also have projects and experience on Automation, with N8N, Typebot, FlowiseAI, Microsoft Power Automate, etc.

I'm studying Linux at the moment, learning how to use and learning about servers, infrastructure, etc.
I have an intermediate level English.



VERSÃO PORTUGUÊS BRASILEIRO:
QUEM SOU
Meu nome é Henrique Jorge de Queiroz. Moro em Santos (SP), Brasil. Sou um jovem programador que está estudando sobre diversas áreas de programação, como Ciência de Dados e Desenvolvimento de Software. Aos 14 anos, já desenvolvo projetos em Ciência de Dados,
Análise de Dados, Automações e Desenvolvimento de Software. Também tenho projetos com Aplicações web e algoritmos também. Explorando a programação com entusiasmo e dedicação, construindo um caminho em tecnologia.
Atualmente tenho 14 anos, estudo programação desde os 12.


HABILIDADES
Estou estudando Python, já criei vários projetos com Python e atulmente é minha linguagem de programação principal, tenho experiência nela. E sei criação de Algoritmos Básicos em Portugol, porque foi assim que eu aprendi Lógica de Programação. Pretendo 
algum dia começar a estudar Javascript também.

Tenho projetos e experiência de Automações de Tarefas também, com N8N, Typebot, FlowiseAI, Microsoft Power Automate, etc.

Estou estudando Linux atualmente, aprendendo a como usar e aprendendo a mexer em servidores, infraestrutura, etc.
Tenho Inglês de nível Intermediário.
